---
layout: post
title: "Hey dude"
tags:
- life
---

Hey dude,

Sorry to bother but I do need a clarification from you to avoid further misunderstanding. I thought I got a clear answer last time, which is indicative enough for me to dislike you and ignore you. That’s actually what I have been doing until recently you came back to my life. I was struggling if I should keep ignoring you as a stranger, or chat with you like an acquaintance. Finally, I said hi. It seems you’re still interested in becoming my friend. But I really concern about how far our friendship can go. Most likely it will fade out soon and end up with silence and indifference. And I understand, without interactions, most relationships die out that way.
 
I’m writing you not because I’m afraid to lose a friend. Since our first talk, you have said a lot of confusing and sensitive words to me, which are far beyond the scope of a common friendship. You intensively wrote me messages for a while, then completely disappeared. You made promises but never fulfill them. I had no idea whether I was dealing with an admirer or a creep/fraud. I guess that’s why we couldn’t well communicate and understand each other. When I confirmed with you whether you’re being dishonorable or after me as your boyfriend, you denied both, which brought me more confusion and disgust. Afterwards, I decided to leave you alone, and no longer treat you as a friend.

Somehow I feel guilty to do that because I very much appreciate your kindness and gentleness. Many words you said to me, if I take them correctly and positively, are very encouraging and caring. I never want to disappoint or hurt anyone who cares and supports me. And I’m afraid to put an innocent on my blacklist due to misunderstanding. I’m struggling.

Please, Chad, if you have a minute, tell me how I should treat you. What are your expectations, and what is your true purpose of saying those confusing and tricky words? I'm seeking a clear response to sweep away my suspicion.

Sorry about this long letter. In case we no longer meet, these might be the last words I’d love to share with you before our connection fades away.

Take care,

Lucas